it's early June and around some old
abandoned buildings on their land
Francisco and his wife Teresa have come
to check on the current residents
the bombs fellows have been here since
March but there's a much larger bird
that comes to nest in the church almost
every year that they live it in a small
window whole barn owl chicks about seven
weeks old or close to fledging paint
finish the nest sometimes here and they
also do it on the other side but this
year they want to have a better view of
of the lake barn owls along with five
other owl species breed very
successfully in the Montana it's a sure
indication of the plentiful rodent prey
including Cabrera's volt that can be
found here a declining population in the
countryside does at least have a bonus
for the local swallows the abandoned
priests house has provided some perfect
nest sites each young swallow eats about
a hundred and fifty thousand in sex
before leaving the nest insects are so
abundant in the Mon tardo that a pair of
Portuguese swallows readily rears free
boosie season rather than the two more
typical in Britain
you